Updated Platform changelogs (#1573)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/changelog/platform.md

If you're interested in our progress on the Airbyte platform, please read below!

## [0.10.0](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/milestone/12?closed=1) - delivered on 01/04/2020

* You can now **deploy Airbyte on** [**Kuberbetes**](https://docs.airbyte.io/deploying-airbyte/on-kubernetes) ****\(alpha version\)

> * **Support incremental** for a few new sources: Mixpanel and Hubspot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Support incremental sync** for Mixpanel and Hubspot sources
```

* **Fixes on connectors:**
  * Fixed a bug in the GitHub connector where the connector didn’t verify the provided API token was granted the correct permissions
  * Fixed a bug in the Google Sheets connector where rate limits were not always respected
  * Alpha version of Facebook marketing API v9. This connector is a native Airbyte connector \(current is Singer based\).

> * **New source:** Looker \(contributed by [@tgiardina](https://github.com/tgiardina) - thanks Thomas!\)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **New source:** Plaid \(contributed by [@tgiardina](https://github.com/tgiardina) - thanks Thomas!\)
```
